# The-Game
why you be trippin doe?
Where is dank meme?
WHERE IS?!!?!?
DANK MEME?!?!?!

Kaaaaaaaaa Me Haaaaaaa Me HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!

"I am the hope of the universe. 
I am the answer to all living things that cry out for peace. 
I am the protector of the innocent. 
I am the light in the darkness. 
I am the truth. 
Ally to good! 
Nightmare to you!" - Goku

"In fearful day, in raging night,
With strong hearts full, our souls ignite.
When all seems lost in the War of Light,
Look to the stars, for hope burns bright!"
-You are now part of the Blue Lantern Corps.

"Disturb not the harmony of Fire, Ice, or Lightning lest these three Titans wreck destruction upon the world in which they clash. Though the water's Great Guardian shall arise to quell the fighting alone its song will fail. Thus the Earth shall turn to ash. O, Chosen One, into thine hands bring together all three. Their treasures combined tame the beast of the sea."- The Collector

"Believing in someone." That's a weird phrase, isn't it? After all, if you truly believed in a person, you wouldn't need to say, "I believe you." It's like saying, "I believe in air." I don't mean to say that "believing in something" is like a lie. "Believing" is really a term of hope of wanting to believe.- Satoru Fujinuma 

"Destiny. Fate. Dreams. These unstoppable ideas are held deep in the heart of man. As long as there people who seek freedom in this life, These things shall not vanish from the Earth."- Gol D. Roger


"Why must the moon hang low when we work? I grew up on a pirate ship with my single mother. She never explained who my dad was, I was just under the impression that I didn't even have a father for the longest time. But back to the moon.... I've always seen it when the work starts. My mother was a smart captain, and always went on a hidden path to the destination. She would sneak up on a ship, and drill a hole into the ship from a specialized port. She would have me climb over with the rest of the crew to steal all the supplies, using me to keep an eye out and explore for points of interest. After the main supplies were taken, I was sent back to my mother and report everything I found before sent to my own room in her cabin. I always would sneak out the window and climb up to watch her finish, every ship I did the same, even though each time I was horrified.I could hear the small wisps of swords leaving their sheath and the gasps of the soldiers and various people on the enemy ship. I would finally see my mother walk up onto the deck of the enemy ship, and one of her pirates tossed her a rope from ours, she grabbed the rope, turned around and started messing with something. I was always curious what she did, but before long she would pull herself up on the rope as she swung back home, and the enemy ship seemed to crack down the middle, the hull deteriorated and crumbled as I heard screams from them. The worst of the night came then, for pirates are known for their destruction and killing, but the true women to do that work was the ocean. The waters seemed to grow out and swallow the ship into the abyss, people screamed as their lungs were flooded with water, and those that could swim had their own fate, as sea creatures from various nightmares erupted, silencing the final survivors. This always happened, it's like these nightmarish abominations followed my mother, the same ones every time. I could never believe my eyes, quickly crawling back to my bed, but curiosity always brought me back. As I grew older, my mother sent me onto the ships to do more of the heavy work. I'm sure she wished I would follow the familyt business, and she tried to slowly expose me onto the "dirtier" parts of the job. She had me scout ahead and kill the ones who could pose a problem to us later. A few times, she sent into the enemy captain's room to kill him and take anything special he had. Sometimes I would find journals from the captain's and hide them in my shirt, bringing them back to my room, to read what other stories the ships had been on. The stories always were described in such wonderful detail, and I envied their adventures, never noticing that I just was on the underside of an adventure. I remember one specific time of my covert strategies when I was 12. After I was sent back to my room, I quickly climbed out and jumped over to the other ship, wanting to see the other parts of the ship I was never allowed to go. I found a personal chest of a sailor and was enticed by it, and before I knew anything, the ship turned and shook as the floorboards beneath me crumbled and I fell to the very bottom of the ship, the  wood turning into a mushy rotting substance let water in, pieces of flotsam fell to my head, pushing me through the last layer of boards and removing the air pocket I had, my eyes seemed to be closed as the darkness of the cold water surrounded me, but before I knew they came, I froze in fear as something knocked me aside. I quickly pushed my fear to the back of my head and I swam as quickly as I could to the surface and grabbed onto the ropes that hung off the side of our ship. I watched the eye of a sea monster surface as it consumed a floating corpse, filling the moon lit water with crimson blood. I was pulled away as the ship's rudder turned and the night winds pulled on the sail and carried me off. I slowly climbed up the rope, now shaking again with complete utter fear. I woke in the morning, laying in my bed, remembering little of the night before. I still participated in the invasions after that, but I refuses to continue to watch the submerging of ship into the sea. A few years later, I was pushed from my home into the land by my mother. She wished for me to practice my combative skills to take a position as her 2nd in command. It wasn't the most luxurious of places, but they did their best to teach me, but I was not the most avid learner. I constantly took my time off to explore the rest of the city. I have never been in a fully developed town considering my mother was a pirate. Always small port towns and other rutty places. There were buildings that towered all else in the city, there was an active group of soldiers patroLling that kept me from going to where I shouldn't. Finally I got a letter from my mother you return, at the time I had gotten the letter I had made myself known in the town, there was too much I refused to let go. I told I had found my place, one that I fit, instead of the constantly undulating boat that glided over the ocean of sea monsters. But how I was known in the town was my greatest achievement. As soon as I had a matured face, I put together quite an extravagant suit, and went to a party, acting as a new coming noble. I met the most wealthy people I had ever seen, far surpassing anything I had seen from a pirate's loot. I quickly clung to those people, including myself among their greatest of friends. I created an entire life under a new name, Lyte. Using my reputation I started massive charities to fund the town using my friend homes a party grounds. I collected the cash, with the promise to hand it over to the esteemed governor. I kept all the money in my colleagues safe, and before long, it was emptied. But the governor received none of it. Quickly the blame was put into my colleague, just as I planned, I used what money I had obtained to fund a search for the culprit. My friend was quickly caught, and arrested, screaming out his innocent as he was cuffed and pulled away, the money never to be found. Not a month later, I was approached by a noble women who seemed to barely be younger than me, I being about 23 then. She came to be with a story of utmost importance, her requiring privacy with me. I Brought her to my home, having no concern of anything. She looked at me with a straight face and quickly grinned devilishly. "How much did you get?" She asked. I quickly questioned her, confused of her question. She assured me I knew what she spoke of. She twirled around my newly claimed manor, asking where it came from. "I'm a wealthy guy" I quickly retorted. She look at me grinning as she ran off deeper into my manor. I ran street her questioning her actions. She spoke of where I hid it, if I spent it, what'd I get with it. I finally caught her arm, stopping her curiosity spree. She grabbed back at me and pulled me close and whispered in my ear "I know that you took all the charity money you devil." I quickly backed up. "Who are you?!" My face remained calm as I trained myself, but more emotion escaped than I would have preferred. The grin on her face grew as she walked up to Me again. "I only want some of it" she pleaded. I looked at her thinking through anything she could pull out from me. I spoke calmly "I cannot give you any of my earnings, you seem in no need of my honest work" she smiled happily before cavorting out of the manor. I spent more than a few moments stalling before rushing to my safe in worry. I entered the combination as I had done so before, and the metal door swung open revealing the wealth I had obtain. "Look at all that gold" I heard as I jumped around, setting my eye upon the women in the threshold of the room. I was flabbergasted, and speechless. She seemed to approach me before ghosting past me. She picked up a handful of the gold coins. "Enough to pay for every renovation this town needs, but all yours" her devilish smile once again revealing itself as she turned her back to the safe facing me. "Speak up, I can't hear you. What are you going to do with all of it". I retreated to the door of the room before promptly closing it, her only escape. "Who are you?" I said, rage filling my veins. She approached me looking me up and down. "Wouldn't it be such a shame if such an accomplished con man like you were outed to the crowd? By the way, I'm Ambrosia" she turned her back, striding over to my desk and seating herself in the velvet chair, fiddling with various objects on my desk. "What proof I have that you won't turn me in?" I asked. She looked at me and smiled "why don't I Show you?" She walked up to Me pushing me aside in my confusion and she walked to the end of the hall looking out. I hastily chased after her "just watch me the entire time" she asked, I stood there watching get, confused on what was supposed to happen. She pulled open the window and jumped out of the second story hall, her satin dress fluttering behind her. I watched closely as she pranced across the yards between my manor and my neighbors. She briskly scaled the brick wall and up to a window that in no time at all hung open. She sat on the ledge and turned to me to wink before hopping down onto the ground. I knew that this was my neighbors bedroom, probably the worst window to choose. I shook my head. She walked out of my sight just for a moment before poking her head back out of the window, smiling politely. I could of sworn that my neighbor was sleeping there in his bed. For a moment i thought i even saw him shift, wincing as i foresaw her getting caught. She finally jumped out the window and came back to me, scaling my wall as well, worrying me at the same time, and stood right back where she originally was. Here though, she had jewelry and much more covering her body. “Where’d you get those?!” i batter her with my questions. She simply grinned as always, as she glanced down at all the fine jewelry she had obtained, now actually able to see it in the light of my hallway. “See, now we both know we did illegal things.” She giggled slightly before taking them off and handing them to me. “For you, for your special gal.” I pushed them away, backing up just a little. “What’s wrong hon?” she asked me “ I give you what i stole, and you give me some of what i stole, fair trade is it not?” I could simply just not believe it. What she did seemed so… Extravagant to me, more than what the the clothes she wore, or any women could wear let off. She was so much closer to me than any that i knew, even my own mother and her crew could not compare to me as much as they were thieves as i was. “Well?” she asked after my many moments of silence. “Ambrosia… What else is it that you do?” She looked at me, almost insulted that i couldn’t guess “I’ve done all sorts of things, from pickpocketing, to cat burglary, even some heists here and there” All spoken as normal things. I looked at her with a straight face and spoke curiously “What’s the biggest bank you’ve been in the vault of?” She answered with a well known bank used by many of the middle class of the town. I offered her a chance to go deeper, to be more wealthy. I spoke to her about the high class banks that I have been to with my associates, the ones that more gold is stored in than any common castle. She glistened with joy as i told my story, and heard of my plan to work it. She intervened at every corner she could, trying to put small cracks into it, that perhaps she could fill. Before long i gave in, not giving up the chance to offer her a job with me. It would be wondrous to work with her i thought. We spent the whole night chatting away about the scheme we would be committing in not more than a week. I finally offered her a room in my house so that she could rest without the long trek back to … a place i never actually asked her about. From the moment i met her, she just became attached to me, as i became attached to her. As the days grew closer, the plans worked out, the papers signed, all my “friends” placed in the perfect positions to keep everything happening, working in perfect order, and Ambrosia doing all her specialized work that she could, happily doing what she could to help me, and the same with me. The heist happened faster and smoother than i could of ever imagined. Ambrosia and I sat in my office, looking at the mound of gold before us, Only being there from a wizard who i payed to transport a “large bag of coal” from an abandoned house beside the bank to my own room. I sat in my velvet chair, happily, not a care in the world, Ambrosia sitting on my lap against me, complimenting our perfect fit. “What are we going to do with it?” I asked her. She looked at me for a moment, nearly dazed in the momentary accomplishment we just achieved. And she smiled, just as she did the night i met her, and she walked up to it, holding up a handful. “What better is there to do with money…. than simply know that you deserve it?” She looked behind her to me, with a question on her face. “What do you mean Ambrosia?” i asked her. “Lets start a new adventure Lyte. One without your previous standings. From the very start, just you and me” I was dazed for a moment, realizing all we had done was not me, It was not Safren, it was Lyte… and not even Ambrosia knew that. I grabbed her, hugging her, a tear or two falling from my eyes in happiness, but disappointment as well, knowing she didn’t even know my name. I pulled her out of the office, to my bedroom, and quickly to my bed. I threw up the mattress revealing the floor below, and i reached down, sliding my hand over the dusty floor. I picked at the floor, pulling up one floorboard after another, revealing a large chest underneath that i grabbed onto, pulling out of the floor with the assistance of Ambrosia, and dusting it off. I slowly opened it, revealing my past life… My real life, the one I wish she had of known me as, my life as a pirate, my mother, my old crew, even the old journals i used to read of the adventure that other captains went on. She read through all my things, looking at every picture and sketch i had, learning my true life. As she neared the end, she turned to me and hugged me, and i did the same back. We both knew what we were going to do without saying a word. We took nearly all the gold we had and hit it away under those floor boards, and took what ever else, and started off on our new adventure, as Safren and Ambrosia, i learned her tales on the way, as she did mine. We traveled across the country side for little more than a year before coming upon a new town, one that we enjoyed and we sat down there. By then, i knew her nature though. She was a traveling nymph who happened to see through my scheme back in that city. She had no where to go, just trying to have fun until she found me, or more of me finding her. We finally settled upon a place to go from where we were. We split up to go collect what money we could from around the town. As i waited at our meeting point, she slowly approached me, her oh so special grin absent. She told me of her sister, who had “lost her way”. I, not being a nymph, did not have full understanding of this, but i had to let her go. Before she left she said to me “Before i even see you again, i wanna know you got somewhere. Go somewhere, and make a name for yourself…. No, not yourself. Make a name for Glydis. You are Glydis from now on. Go, make me happy.” Her smile once again filled me with joy as i climbed up onto a caravan, traveling off to a new place, to follow her wishes."

"Never forget to always wipe your bum bum after playing in the grass, because when i was a young lad back in the great plains of SCOTTSLAND my great pappi always told me, son this is why you get beat, you dont work you dont sleep you dont eat, you dont breath, you dont love, you dont forget , you dont forgive , because you are leagion you are annonymous, expect you gurrl right now im just typing stuff so that it looks like i am actually doing my work for my senior project but jordan left and connor is gone as well , so now i dont want people to think im a loser so im just typing and typing and typing hoping for a sign from a greater being in the world to tell me hey you need to stop typing because your great grand pappi just informed us that you have not been paying your mortgages on time, listen this is a serious deal this can lead to dog no not dog why did i type dog any way this leads you to having a bad credit score and can heavily impact your chances at getting a future loan from banks. you really might need that loan maybe something happens and now you are shit outta luck sucka you best be squarein up b4 you git that mouth of yours into trouble . feminist are nazis i mean have you heard some of the things that they say? like holy crap i still cant believe that people feel so self entitled in their own mind to think that their puny little feelings are getting hurt. i want every feminist to go a month in the killing fields of cambodia just so they can see how meaninless their problems are. like seriously just stfu no one cares about you, just like you dont care about gender equalitly. speaking of equalitly i once had a hair cut that made me want to cry i never said anything to the barber but once i left the shop i just really felt like comming back with a baseball bat and commit a serious federal offense. i ended up going to court because of the complaints about my hair cut and how it made people feel nauses ever since that day i have traveld the world in order to locate that scottish hair cutter so that i can smak herr rite in da gabba. one time i woke up and i pooped right in my pants i didnt make it to the bathroom on time so i had to call over my brother from his room, keep in mind that it was still like 7 in the morning, but my lower intestine just said hey this is gonna happen wether you like it or not and i was all like uhhh could you like i dont know like jsut not but then he was all like nahh homie i gotta do this shoulda knownn not to mess wid me an my fam home dog and i was all like hey man listen i didnt mean nuffin all i wanted was taco bell and that is when my pants just straight up got filled with the nastiest stuff that my body has ever produced. ever since i have used that experience to make my self a stronger man and every day at around 7 i wake up to beat my my lower intestine for the pain and humiliation i recieved that day you gotta know who da boss be you plebian. can we just talk about beat boxing? ok so wtf? that isnt a skill that can help anyone sure it was cool when like 4 people did it but now everyone and their mother feels that they can be come the next youtube sensation their skill and i use that term lightly generally consists of a crap load of spit and heavy breathing because of their health habits that has caused them to experience trauma like extreme weight gain im talking over 7,000,000,000,000,000,0000,000,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,00,0,0000000,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,,0 pounds of fat just attempting to make a sick beat yo. like i dont mean to brag or anything but i am a very well known box beater and all i gotta say is back up before 4 you get kocked the heck up dawg."

http://www.beepbox.co/#5sbk4l00e0rt9a7g0tjki9r1w1111811111111111111111111111111111111111f0000000000000000000010000000000000000000d1311311111111111111111111111111111111111c2220200000200000000220000000000000000000h0000600000600000000660000000000000000000v2100200000000000000000000000002000000020o3210b28p2xccW4FiFaSa24akFq5M0004gO1a8VQ9kJzlbv1UohA400004gO1a8N3EiFr4J2Ir0H6M000048gx24gMx248gx2gx2480000p2bH2E0131k00U2E0xM5g23way470l88e0Ggos1j7w8kQ-4PMxQq1ji61wwV55BBBChjA1OwQ1EHkMUQfEH8N82zdzrPMYhuD6xapssEkkQkQ1kUOYoKy2hkNVQqO8aRevFVwqD6BzGsrrprIR1A0GpssjIaosu8Yg5dfzaFFYqEepcdddddddddddddd8qqqqqqqqgM8qdBastSCn2ooe0swQMnk1s0Xf5ts5dcwf4j5jjjjjjjji6ypaqqqqqqqqqqqqqgXe8QkkkkkkaUi810000000FFWqpUgW4NMaqgMc478EIIIIOaswaq_umC7l2qfulhhhJxkQKebXzqXSG0JkMUWgO0WBnmFzPZmh1gasUkYg7EfzbaXdCEcw7OWTzMVS1apsokQ1ks5n3D3oJWzE6ySWEd0kMUGOZi3hARVgdGw5l2ptVdfmoz72fc1ScObbaqKJEPgQptwqGGwRll1GGGiD6NTT7oerNRdOD6n7s0Xf5un1XzyqwRll1GGG3lllf5GdFdzXDyJmu7rEEUyyyzGcz8Wxd3wfcnQQQQQQw00aCTsoo2pY1kSHz0H8F2CNWiosFzNA9HY1B-gJ1EjhYOGaadIfeQkkkkkk1EE3hg6wf8CV0lW1g6Afgm09Iey7oI3p81KK3hk6SQdBg0000001j4Wy1FEEFFEEFFEEFF2Pj09jcGyxCplcN9D9DC0QkslAQpejhAVd2o4Qk0yFxchqr6m00000000000000
